# ZOM
ZOM - AIM stock/share financial calculator

Robert Lichello's AIM algorithim encapsulated in a spreadsheet style calculator.

The included stand alone jar requires java version 14 or later to run (you can rebuild the source yourself for another version of java)

Create a folder structure and place the ZOM-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar file in that folder and rename it to something sensible.
Create two subfolders, AnalysisData and TradeData

.../MyZomFolder

                 /ZOM-1.0.jar
                 
                 /AnalysisData
                 
                 /TradeData

Navigate to that folder and start the app :

java -jar ZOM-1.0.jar

In Zom add a stock entry to the Portfolio (Portfolio tab).

Select the new stock and chose either the Analysis tab or the Trading tab.

The Analysis tab allows you to enter periodical stock trading data and calculate/examine the AIM results.

There is an import function that will pull trading data from a CSV file generated by a multitude of
trading data sites. Yahoo finance site for example.

The Trading tab keeps track of your actual trading transactions.

There is some sample analysis data included for Bitcoin BTC-USD if you wish to look.

To use the sample data :

1) Backup your own portfolio.xml file if you already have one (and don't wish to lose it or use the sample data in a completely new folder)
2) Place the provided portfolio.xml in the same folder as the .jar file.
3) Place the BTC-USD.xml file under the AnalysisData folder.

Building

If you wish to build from source you will require the following java dependancies :

xalan-2.7.2
xercesImpl-2.12.1

Installing xalan should also install serializer-2.7.2 and xml-apis-1.4.01

Built with NetBeans 12.2 using maven
